英国语文（英文原版）（套装共6册） (西方原版教材之语文系列 Book 21) (English Edition)
https://amazon.cn/dp/B00CHJQM90
https://images-cn.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/51nbv8Z52JL._AC_UL320_ML3_.jpg
29.99
天津人民出版社
88.00000000000001
手机下载Kindle APP，享本书下单1元福利 内容简介《西方家庭学校经典教材读本•英国语文:英文(套装共6册)》继《美国语文》之后的另一套经典原版教材，了解英国人文历史、欣赏英国文学的优秀读本。全书分级编写，还附有大量插图。充满趣味的英语故事与优美的英国文学相融合，让国内学生更好地感悟英国文化历史，并真正学好英语这门语言。无论是作为英语学习的课本，还是作为提高英语水平的课外读物，《西方家庭学校经典教材读本:英国语文(套装共6册)》这套书都极有价值。The Royal Readers were edited and published by the famous British publisher and used in schools until well into the 20th century. They are edited as six books in the Royal School Series. Students progressed from the very easy lessons to classic readers.The First Book, beginning with similarly easy lessons, consisted of rhymes and simple short stories with plenty of illustrations for young learners. Children learned letters and easy reading. The first part of this book focuses exclusively on monosyllabic words and the second part introduces two syllable words.In the Second Book there are short selections of poetry and prose designed to encourage interest in reading. Each story is followed by a lesson on pronunciation, simple definitions of new words and questions on its content.The Third Book is very similar though slightly more advanced and including more writing exercises.The Fourth Book includes phonetic exercises, model compositions and dictation exercises, as well as outlines of British History from Roman Period as far as 1400 A. D.The Fifth Book features sections on health of the body, plants and their uses, as well as quotes and stories of great men.Book Six, the final book in the series, contains word lessons and passages with sections on great inventions, classification of animals, useful knowledge, punctuation and physical geography, as well as the British Constitution.编辑推荐《西方家庭学校经典教材读本•英国语文:英文(套装共6册)》原名《皇家读本》，由一家全球著名的教材出版公司编写出版。在20世纪初广泛用作学校教材。编写体例统一严谨、包括生词、课文、语音、词汇解释、课后问题等，同时还附加了书写与听写等，《英国语文》是一套完整的英语学习教材。这些选文，体现了英国丰富的历史文化知识和西方国家的道德价值观念。《西方家庭学校经典教材读本:英国语文(套装共6册)》是中国学生学习英语、全面了解西方社会的很好途径。This set of English readers published in the beginning of 20th century was ever popularly used in the western schools. It has been constructed with a view to induce children to take a real interest in what they read, and to make them delight to exercise their power of reading.Great use has therefore been made of the objects of Natural History, and of the incidents and common things of daily life, by which children are most likely to be attracted.By being made to frame each answer in the form of a sentence, the child thus unconsciously produce a little composition exercise. Furthermore, exercises of spelling, pronunciation attached to the text are also of great help for children to speak Standard English.Good reading is more readily acquired by practice than by precept. The more children read, they will read the more fluently, intelligently, and gracefully.作者简介编者：（英）托马斯-尼尔森公司
托马斯-尼尔森公司(作者)	英国托马斯-尼尔森公司(编者)	
生词提示	英国语文	美国语文	内容不错	英国孩子	非常不错	经典教材	比较适合	学习英语	读本比英国	语文英文	教材英国	英语学习	不错内容	下载	小学	电子书	录音	第一册	难度	
现当代诗歌作品	诗歌集	散文杂著集	随笔杂文	其他	上海译文出版社	中信出版社	浙版数媒	中国妇女出版社	本唐出版	北京阅览文化传播有限公司	大鱼文化	Fiberead·浙版数媒	果麦文化传媒	读客文化	轻之文库	豆瓣阅读	新星出版社	收获	磨铁数盟	简体中文	亚马逊英国	
