傲慢与偏见：PRIDE AND PREJUDICE（英文原版） (Holybird New Classics) (English Edition)
https://amazon.cn/dp/B017B605MI
https://images-cn.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81sV6hPcq1L._AC_UL320_ML3_.jpg
3.86

ISBN：</b>
78.0
《傲慢与偏见》，英国著名女作家简•奥斯汀代表作，一部描写爱情与婚姻的小说。本书以男女主人公达西和伊丽莎白由于傲慢和偏见而产生的爱情纠葛为线索，共写了四起姻缘，小说情节曲折，富有戏剧性，语言清新流畅，充满机智，是奥斯汀最受欢迎的一部小说。女主人公伊丽莎白•班纳特，出身于小地主家庭，有四个姐妹，姐姐简•班纳特、妹妹玛丽•班纳特、凯蒂•班纳特和莱蒂娅•班纳特。姐妹五人单调且略显平静的生活伴随着两个年轻小伙子的到来而泛起无可平灭的波澜。健康向上的宾格里和富家子达西是一对要好的朋友，在结识了镇上班纳特家的这“五朵金花”之后，一段美丽而饱含“傲慢与偏见”的爱情故事由此展开。Pride and Prejudice is a novel of manners by Jane Austen, first published in 1813. The story follows the main character, Elizabeth Bennet, as she deals with issues of manners, upbringing, morality, education, and marriage in the society of the landed gentry of the British Regency. Elizabeth is the second of five daughters of a country gentleman living near the fictional town of Meryton in Hertfordshire, near London.Set in England in the early 19th century, Pride and Prejudice tells the story of Mr. and Mrs. Bennet’s five unmarried daughters after the rich and eligible Mr. Bingley and his status-conscious friend, Mr. Darcy, have moved into their neighbourhood. While Bingley takes an immediate liking to the eldest Bennet daughter, Jane, Darcy has difficulty adapting to local society and repeatedly clashes with the second-eldest Bennet daughter, Elizabeth.Pride and Prejudice retains a fascination for modern readers, continuing near the top of lists of “most loved books”. It has become one of the most popular novels in English literature, selling over 20 million copies, and receives considerable attention from literary scholars. Modern interest in the book has resulted in a number of dramatic adaptations and an abundance of novels and stories imitating Austen's memorable characters or themes.In 2003, the BBC carried out a survey on books “The Big Read”, over three quarters of a million votes were received from the British public to find the “nation's best-loved novel” of all time, Pride and Prejudice ranks No. 2 in the lists of 200 books.
（英）简•奥斯汀(作者)	

世界小说名著	英国及爱尔兰经典小说	婚恋小说	小说作品集	外国名家作品及欣赏	Kindle电子书	艺术与摄影	英语读物	小说	文学评论与鉴赏	
